Add doc for duckdb/sqlite/postgres's type conversion (#348)
kuzudb/kuzu-docs: src/content/docs/extensions/attach/rdbms.mdx

└──────────────┘
```

> #### 3. Data type mapping from duckdb to kuzu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 3. Data type mapping from DuckDB to Kùzu
```

The table below shows the mapping from duckdb's type to kuzu's type:

> | Data type in DuckDB         | Corresponding data type in Kuzu |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Data type in DuckDB         | Corresponding data type in Kùzu |
```

| `password`  | Postgres password | [empty] |
| `port`      | Port number | 5432 |

> #### 3. Data type mapping from PostgreSQL to kuzu

Reviewer: Can you double check we unify `kuzu` and `Kuzu` to `Kùzu` in the file?

Author: done

ATTACH 'university.db' AS uw (dbtype sqlite);
```

#### 3. Data type mapping from SQLite to kuzu

The table below shows the mapping from SQLite's type to kuzu's type:
| SQLite Storage Class / Datatype            | Corresponding Data Type in Kuzu |
|--------------------------------------------|----------------------------------|
| NULL                                       | BLOB                            |
| INTEGER                                    | INT64                           |
| REAL                                       | DOUBLE                          |
| TEXT                                       | STRING                          |
| BLOB                                       | BLOB                            |
| BOOLEAN                                    | INT64                          |
| DATE                                       | DATE                           |
| TIME                                       | TIMESTAMP                      |

> Note: Sqlite uses a [dynamic type system](https://www.sqlite.org/datatype3.html), meaning that a column in sqlite can store values with different types. The option: `sqlite_all_varchar_option` is provided to scan such column in kuzu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Sqlite uses a [dynamic type system](https://www.sqlite.org/datatype3.html), meaning that a column in sqlite can store values with different types. The option: `sqlite_all_varchar_option` is provided to scan such columns in Kùzu. 
```

Usage:
```
`CALL sqlite_all_varchar_option=<OPTION>`
```
If `sqlite_all_varchar_option` is set to true, all sqlite columns will be treated and scanned as `VAR_CHAR` columns.

> If `sqlite_all_varchar_option` is set to false, trying to scan a column with values in different types will result in a runtime exception.

Reviewer: I wonder if the following change will make this more clear.
```suggestion
If `sqlite_all_varchar_option` is set to false, trying to scan a column with values incompatible with the specified data type will result in a runtime exception.
```
